We did it!
What a great section of learning!
The best thing is that
we did this together and
covered some very useful topics.
Let's recap this section's lessons.
As a security analyst,
it's important that you understand
the systems that you're working with.
Understanding computer basics will help
you do your job more effectively and
efficiently.
In this section,
we covered common operating systems.
We also discussed the main
functions of an operating system.
Importantly, you learned about the
relationship between operating systems,
applications, and hardware.
It was nice to learn how they
flow together like an orchestra.
In addition, you learned about
the differences between the graphical user
interface and the command-line interface.
Understanding the command-line interface
will be very important for your work.
I enjoyed exploring the world
of operating systems with you.
Knowing how operating systems work is
an important step in preparing for
a position as a security analyst.
You're doing great!
Let's keep moving forward
with this program.
In the next section,
we'll focus specifically on
the Linux operating system.